feat: Enable links inside badge widget popovers for extensibility (#4792)
kyma-project/busola: docs/contributor/extensibility/50-list-and-details-widgets.md

```

<img src="./assets/display-widgets/Badge.png" alt="Example of a badge widget" width="50%">

> This is an exaple with link in the description:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example with a link in the description:
```

```yaml
- source: status.value
  widget: Badge
  placeholder: '-'
  highlights:
    positive:
      - Running
      - ok
    critical: $item < 0

>   description: For more information about the status go {{[here](https://help.sap.com)}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: For more information about the status, see {{[here](https://help.sap.com)}}
```
